Why did Brother Chen reach this conclusion?
The East Coast does have a large number of combined companies
Although it has been said that the house price has been rising again
But there is a risk
I don't know if you've noticed.
What risk?
As far as I know.
Financial companies like this are mostly leather companies
Uh, pay off
It has already arrived at the land of funds
It's true.
As far as I know, this does exist.
But these are very few
It's just not the time yet.
Until they can't borrow any more money
A chain reaction will occur
At that time
There are bound to be all kinds of financial crises
This time
Then the price on the east coast must be ruined
Mr. Chen, the east coast
There is no way to buy it.
The east is not bright, let's light up the west.
Now it's just right
It constitutes a large number of West Bank maps
But the west coast is deserted.
When can I turn over?
It doesn't matter.
There are several universities in Xi'an
In a few years
Educational resources like this are going to be available over time.
If you believe me
Come and invest in Xi'an with me
I promise that you will make money and touch me.
What dare to lie to my dad?